Update README.md (#627)
Codecademy/docs: README.md

## Additional Notes

> Remember, if you ever have any questions at all, we're always here to help in the [Codecademy Forums](https://discuss.codecademy.com/c/get-help/codecademy/1836) and [Codecademy Discord](https://discord.com/invite/codecademy).

Reviewer: For the "Codecademy Discord" link, should we mention which channel(s) to check out after their invite is accepted?

Author: I would say yes. Something like:

For general questions about the docs use `#general` but for language-specific questions use the channel for that language.

> Remember, if you ever have any questions at all, we're always here to help in the [Codecademy Forums](https://discuss.codecademy.com/c/get-help/codecademy/1836) and [Codecademy Discord](https://discord.com/invite/codecademy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remember, if you ever have any questions at all, we're always here to help in the [Codecademy Forums](https://discuss.codecademy.com/c/community/community-docs/2205) and [Codecademy Discord](https://discord.com/invite/codecademy).
```
